Oh, most definitely I felt awkward.
I didn’t wear my clothes a certain way,
or I didn’t have my hair kept a certain way.
I didn’t wear the latest shoes.
It can be really easy to get caught up
on social media,
trying to see what the new trends are
and trying to see how others look.
‘Should I look like that?
Why don’t I look like that?
What can I do to look like that?’
And I paid such a high price
for the body I was going after.
I was going
after unrealistic beauty standards.
It lead me to being diagnosed
with an eating disorder.
My focusing on my appearance too much
affected me spiritually.
Even though I was in service,
even though I was at a meeting,
even though I was present for family worship
—I wasn’t focused.
I was thinking more
of what I’m going to wear tomorrow.
My parents were a great help.
They took time
to actually listen to my feelings
on what I was going through.
It was not necessarily a formal setting.
It was actually in informal settings
—where we could be in the car
and we were just talking
or we were sitting on the couch
and watching TV—
and my dad would just talk to me
and kind of see how I was doing,
how my day went.
My father, he kind of sat me down,
and he shared
two really important scriptures with me:
First Peter 3:3, 4, where it says:
“Do not let your adornment be external.”
You don’t want to focus too much
on how you look,
on your outer appearance,
and the reason being found at Proverbs 31:30,
where it says: “Beauty may be fleeting.”
So even though we may put so much effort
into how we look,
on our outer appearance,
eventually that’s going to go away.
Something that has really helped me is
giving myself time in the day
to get off of social media
—getting off the Internet
and giving time (dedicating time) to Jehovah.
I unfollowed models and influencers
who made me feel more insecure about myself,
and I would study
Bible characters of the past,
such as Abigail,
Sarah,
Ruth.
Letting myself be influenced by them
was a game changer for me.
What made them more beautiful
in the eyes of Jehovah
were their qualities,
how they treated others, their personality,
how they served Jehovah with loyalty.
As I examined those scriptures,
I feel like something clicked in my head.
Being attractive physically
—it just didn’t really make
much of a difference to me anymore.
By making sure I prayed
before my day started,
I learned to really let Jehovah in
and make my prayers meaningful.
There were a few elders—
Some even became almost as close
as best friends to me.
The elders really helped me
when it came to how I could take
more attention off of myself
and how I could focus on helping others.
Knowing that I’m making Jehovah happy
by helping others get to know him
and making disciples
is what makes me happy now.
And as a pioneer,
I finally was able to attend
my first pioneer school
in March of 2021,
which was an amazing blessing from Jehovah.
I work on being more open with people,
on being more present,
on being more available.
And trust me, it’s paid off for me,
because eventually I received
many more privileges in the congregation.
I was able to serve in different capacities
in Jehovah’s organization.
And above all, I was more happy.